hey guys it's name before ring guys an
update video it's just so before I did
video where I took off my stock exhaust
and it was just running the street buddy
and as you can see my exhaust now is
modified and it's been painted so what I
did was he used to extend up to over
here apart back here we're a little more
what I did was like cut the outer casing
out and remove the packing and inside
the stock exhaust as force I guess you
can say single pipes so a lot louder now
kinda looks funny from behind yeah I
guess it's okay let me know what you
think about it I was just messing around
with it I'm well I planted by
aftermarket but now it sounds pretty
good right now too so I'll go ahead and
start up man cut up my left in on first
gear so it won't start left in first
gear so wouldn't roll back there you go
so it's a lot louder now
then I thought as I wouldn't like it to
be but you know able to of the denna
aftermarket
I kind of like how it grumbles
it growls
yep so that's a quick video update in a
comment once you guys when you guys
think about it
I personally think it's kind of weird
from behind because it has four pipes
inside but you know I guess it'll do for
now and sounds great for the little mod
that just did and just let me know what
you guys think about it below alright
thanks